[docs] Update stack.mdx with alternative to Stack.Screen (#24676)
expo/expo: docs/pages/router/advanced/stack.mdx

}
```

> It's sometimes useful to configure options using `navigation.setOptions()`, as an alternative to the `<Stack.Screen>` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative to the `<Stack.Screen>` component, you can use [`navigation.setOptions()`](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/navigation-prop/#setoptions) to configure screen options from within the component.
```

Let's also add context as to where one can use `setOptions`.

```jsx app/home.js
import { Stack, useNavigation } from 'expo-router';
import { Text, View } from 'react-native';

export default function Home() {
  const navigation = useNavigation();

  React.useEffect(() => {
    navigation.setOptions({ headerShown: false });

>   }, [navigation]);
>   return (

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  }, [navigation]);
  
  return (
```

Formatting nit.
